The Shop is the location where Jokers, Consumables, and Vouchers can be acquired by spending money. The Shop is only accessible after defeating a  Small Blind,  Big Blind, or Boss Blind.

By default, the shop sells:

2 random cards (usually Jokers, but occasionally Tarot Cards and Planets)
2 random Booster Packs (except for the first visit to the Shop in a run, where one normal Buffoon Pack is guaranteed)
1 Voucher

Contents
Weights
Vouchers
Reroll
Pricing
Purchase Price
Selling Value
Base Cost
Edition Cost
Discounts
Sell Cost
Special Cases
In other languages
Gallery
Weights
Weights determine how likely a card is to appear in the given set. The higher the weight, the more it appears. The random cards sold are drawn with the default weights:

Joker: 20
Tarot: 4
Planet: 4
This can be rewritten to the approximate chances of each card appearing as following (note that these are approximations, which means the numbers have been rounded down and thus don't add up to 100%):

Joker: 71.4%
Tarot: 14.2%
Planet: 14.2%
In addition, when a Joker is generated, the different rarities have specific weights as well. The default values for these are:

Common: 70%
Uncommon: 25%
Rare: 5%
Vouchers
With the  Magic Trick Voucher, playing cards are given a weight of 4; the  Illusion Voucher makes playing cards enhanced 40% of the time, editioned 20% of the time, and is unaffected by  Hone/ Glow Up. The  Tarot Merchant Voucher raises the Tarot card weight to 9.6 while the  Tarot Tycoon Voucher raises the weight to 32. The  Planet Merchant and  Planet Tycoon Vouchers work in the same way for their respective Planets. With the  Ghost Deck, Spectral Cards can appear with a weight of 2.

The number of available random cards can be increased by the  Overstock and  Overstock Plus vouchers, which increases the number of sold cards to 3 and 4 respecively.

Reroll
The player may pay money to reroll the shop an unlimited number of times, removing any of the remaining random cards and replacing them with 2 new random cards. Note that because the rerolls are random, cards seen before rerolling can also appear again. The reroll cost starts at $5 and increases by $1 each reroll, resetting to $5 upon entering a new shop.  Reroll Surplus and  Reroll Glut decrease the initial price to $3 and $1, respectively.

However, rerolling the shop does not restock Booster Packs or the Voucher. Booster packs only restock upon entering a new shop, and the Voucher restocks after defeating the boss blind.

Pricing
All items have a buy cost (purchase price) and a sell cost (selling value), which are recalculated every time the player interacts with the item. These follow consistent formulas for calculating them, with some exceptions applied due to other in-game items.

Purchase Price
The total buy cost of an item normally consists of its base cost, an edition cost (if it has an Edition), applying discounts (if certain Vouchers are purchased), and rounding any fractions half down. The minimum buy cost of an item is usually $1, with some special exceptions.

buy_cost = (base_cost + edition_cost) * discount_percent
Selling Value
The total sell cost of an item consists of the total buy cost halved, and rounded down. The minimum sell cost of an item is always $1.

sell_cost = floor(buy_cost / 2)
Base Cost
All items have a base cost, even Legendary Jokers (which can't be found in the shop). Playing Cards can only be found in the Shop after purchasing the Magic Trick Voucher, and Spectral Cards can only be found when playing with the  Ghost Deck.

Item	Price
Jokers	Common	$1-6
Uncommon	$4-8
Rare	$7-10
Legendary	$20
Playing Cards	$1
Tarot Cards	$3
Planet Cards	$3
Spectral Cards	$4
Booster Packs	Normal	$4
Jumbo	$6
Mega	$8
Vouchers	$10
Edition Cost
Jokers and playing cards (with  Illusion) can have Editions, which raises their price in the shop and their sell value. Consumables can have a Negative Edition when generated by  Perkeo, which raises their sell value, but they can never be found in the shop with an Edition otherwise.

Edition	Added cost
Foil (+50 Chips)	+$2
Holographic (+10 Mult)	+$3
Polychrome (X1.5 Mult)	+$5
Negative (+1 joker slot)	+$5
Discounts
After purchasing the Clearance Sale and Liquidation Vouchers, a 25% or 50% discount is applied to the buy cost of all items in the shop. This also indirectly affects the sell cost of all items.

 Clearance Sale (25% off) sets discount_percent = 0.75
 Liquidation (50% off) sets discount_percent = 0.5
After multiplying by this number, the result is then rounded half down (for example, 8.5 is rounded to 8). This cannot result in a price of $0 or lower, and the buy cost will always be a minimum of $1 after the Discount step.

Sell Cost
The total buy cost is recalculated from scratch (applying any vouchers bought in-between, any special case that changes the buy cost, etc), divided by 2, and floored (rounded down). This also cannot result in a sell price of $0 or lower, and it will always be a minimum of $1.

Special Cases
During the  Inflation Challenge Deck, every item's price increases by $1 on every purchase. This increase in cost is applied at the same time as the Edition cost, before any discounts from Vouchers.
The  Astronomer Joker will set the cost of Planets and Celestial Packs to $0.
The  Coupon Tag sets the buy cost of all items in the next Shop to $0, except for Vouchers which retain their normal pricing.
The  Rental sticker sets the buy cost of Jokers with this sticker to $1.
If the item is a Booster Pack, and the player is playing the tutorial and is in the first shop, the buy cost increases by $3.
This only applies to the first Shop. Subsequent Shops will have the intended price for Booster Packs.
The jokers  Egg and  Gift Card can add extra sell value to cards. This extra value is only applied to the sell cost, and after all other steps.